it is not expensive to pay
the car stayed not late the score
with love
if you recruit zero representing
for another video it was and today a video
about fifa 14 is that there
for the first time the channel talking about
fifa 14 for those who do not know 2014 was
announced last week if I did not
deception and jazz start the famous mores
rumors about the game it would have in a new
game from da electronic arts
In this video I decided to talk a little
some rumors are coming out in the
Internet some information about this
new game from there is a video never brought
for the channel that first time year
tell me about the factors on the channel
I wanted to hear your opinion on
this kind of videos about information
rumors is a video I like to do
because it 's a simpler video a video
I can record more easily to
Why are you in such a long demand?
so it's an easier thing
practically the audio to do and the
halimi play or put any
one factor is that's up to
So you guys are an easier video to
do and whenever I have rumors there
if you like this type of video and
It's bringing you here.
the first good news that comes to bring
It's probably for you guys that you're
Turkey will be included in fifa 14 to our
fifa news on leaving the
dot com and according to them one of the readers
of the site send an email to the union
Turkish clubs
no turkish clubs weather
marketing department asking if
there was any appearance of fifa 14 is from
Turkish league in fifa 14 their response
That was the signature phase.
of contract with
business is done in a few days
championship will definitely be
included in the game is practically
confirmed and that the Turkish league must have
in that same fifa 14
it is not known if it will have all the teams
but it is very likely that the
galatasaray who was in the rest of the world
fifa 13 will be licensed again
fenerbahçe also the other teams
not yet have information make a
good news plus a league included and
fifa is I think a legal league
for example in a match with the league
from South Korea
I think if I were to decide between Korea
from the south and everything I preferred everything pv
turkey offer connecting alloy Turkish
so it's cool news there's league
Turkish probably well strong news
very strong rumor and I think it 's
true I think that's where it's going to go
was not 14 in the Turkish league next news
is a possible launch date already
for fifa with 14 cups still in the
internet as it was still known in the image
already with a cover photo and start
messi shirt from behind written there
fifa 14 are saying is that in September
we will already have fifa 14 in stores
released on September 27 in the
uk kingdom this day September 26
news does not have a form yet
because it varies a great deal
platform for the platform
but between 31st of September there, not from
September 27 to September 31, we will have
the launch and fifa 14 this is a
I rumor in a euro that I 'm not
believing so much in that rumor there but
also a news of the end sayers who
can be throwing there between the days there
Day September 27 to 31
< Previous Next>
just see the image I was announced in
even though it is a well-known shop in
is that the state gives even then
it may be that these news are real
there and only 14 already in September to
next news I know if you know
but there is a petition on the internet
will include the women's league in fifa 14
It came from a player a fair a
fernanda charchar
Florida initiated the petition to the
to include women's football in the
games fifa is she justifies her
justifies that fifa is one of the
top selling franchises for games from
all times and participation of the
women are very big in fifa
mainly the United States
women dominate the football just want there
It is very popular especially among
women, she initiated the petition in the
internet that via meeting is the gathering
very large number of people to the square
this petition to put the focus on the league
feminine in the players but it is well
likely not to be included in the new
daisy shape the female garter
unfortunately I would like to see even
female league would be nice a look
interesting person in the last meeting
if you play with a marten report by
example to be funny would be well
legal but unfortunately very likely to
are not on fifa 14
they start creating games later
The sad fact is that when they released
factors was already beginning production
and I think they did not think
I limit myself to the women's league
the women's league does not have a very comeback
great for the public is
for example here in brazil you do not see
a women's league in Brazil is not
valued, we have one of the best
players of the world but is not valued
women's football in Brazil and the leagues
and there are some leagues that are
For example, the top female players
Brazil in the game here in Brazil is play
off game in europe in united states
but it is likely even if we do not have the
women's league on fla 14 who knows not
was 15 we will have a women's league is good is
So I think that's what talking to
you are one of the shorter and one more video
cool that you should talk a little about the
information the 14
So we're talking about this Turkish language video.
practically confirmed is the date of
launch of the game there in September
and at the end of September and
rumor is still female football that
probably will not take on fifa 14
This is it. I hope you liked it.
this type of video gives your feedback
in the comments what do you think I think
that it would be cool the new women's league was
just leave your comment make comments
about this kind of video never brought
for you rumors if you want
I continue the video about the rumors
This is it to say goodbye, thanks
said and went